src/pages/index.mdx, before:

import { Todo } from '../components'

## About the team

### Leo


### Yifei

Yifei is a third-year undergraduate student from University of Toronto Scarborough, currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science with a speciality in Software Engineering. He has strong interests in software development and have become familiar with all kinds of technology stacks and tools, including NodeJS, React, Python. Last year, he completed a 4-month co-op internship as a Full Stack Developer, where he gained lots of experience in web development particularly in Rails and Angular. He also had the wonderful opportunity to lead an entirely new mobile project using React Native, during which time he migrated an existing clinical form builder onto mobile, making the user experience consistent across apps without scarifies flexibility or functionality. He has also explored other fields in computer science, including data science (STAA57), machine learning (CSCC10), computer vision. Other than programming, his hobbies also include snowboarding, hiking and playing ping-pong.


### Joe

Ruixin Zhuang (Joe) is a third-year student specialized in Computer Science, Software Engineering stream. At his early age, he found computer hardware and software to be fascinating and decided to choose learn Computer Science when he entered UTSC. With his participation in development of various on campus and off campus projects, he gained proficient programming skills in multiple languages including C, Python, Java. He also found web application to be interesting and powerful after completed a course website project using HTML, CSS, jQuery, Flask and SQLite3. He also has experience with multiple platforms like Windows and Ubuntu as well as version control systems like Git and SVN. Personally, he is also a kind and warm-hearted programmer. When he saw a co-worker is struggling, he will help them without any hesitation. In his spare time, his hobbies are PC gaming and cooking. He is confident that he will spare no effort in contributing to the team and try his best on everything.


### Katrina

Xin Yi Chen is a third-year Computer Science student specializing in Software Engineering stream at the University of Toronto. She developed excellent programming skills in Python, C, Java and problem solving skills in the past two years, resulting in the completion of dozens of individual and group projects. As a self-motivated learner, she is currently studying Mobile App and Web programming on her own. She also took an active part in hackathons to meet new friends and learn new things. In Hack the Valley 4, she collaborated with Yifei and another teammate and built an item tracking and online chatting platform app that allows people within a region to share commodities freely and conveniently. Right now, she is participating in the Google Girl Hackathon and working on solutions with software technology which can help the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic to “help people stay safe, informed and connected” in a team of 5. Off campus, she worked as a python tutor. While this part-time job reinforced her knowledge and improved her communication skills, she is proud of the fact that she is able to spark students’ passion in terms of programming.


### Min

Min Qi Zhang is a third-year Computer Science student at the University of Toronto Scarborough, specializing in Software Engineering stream. During her academic experiences, she has completed a variety of projects with her teams, including web application, Android application and building a hardware device. The programming languages and technologies she has learned are C, Python, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Verilog, Flask and Angular. As a Co-op student, she gained valuable experiences from Co-op placement. She completed her first work term last semester at CIBC as an Application Developer in the Wealth Management Technology team. During the work term, she maintained and wrote automated test cases for various modules of the application. She also assisted in client-side testing in which the main responsibilities include inspecting contents, layouts and functionalities, recording defects to the log, and retesting the fixed defects, ensured the application functions as per design documents and specification.

<Todo>

* team’s name
* a team logo
* a picture of the entire team

* Team’s goal: 4.0

* Team’s strengths:

</Todo>


## Team Agreement

### 1. Communication
#### 1.1. Communication Methods
We will use a combination of Discord and WeChat as our communication tools. WeChat is commonly accepted by all the group members.

A WeChat group has been set up. Presumably, information, updates and agendas will be discussed on WeChat. Discord is used for weekly meetings within the team. Discord provides us stable voice and video calls. Furthermore, screen share feature on discord is a great functionality to improve productivity and efficiency during the meeting.

To secure everything will be working, phone numbers are also exchanged among group members and will be used in emergency when one can’t be reached.

#### 1.2. Response Times
Group members are expected to respond to WeChat messages within 5 hours during 10am to 10pm. Response to TA’s messages should be sent as soon as possible no matter which platform is used. (See the meeting section for discord response time.) If a team member is unable to respond during a specific period, he/she should note others in advance through WeChat.


### 2. Meetings
#### 2.1. Regular Meeting Times
Weekly meetings happens weekly, on Saturdays 10 am. The duration are estimated to be 30 minutes, but can be extended as needed.

#### 2.2. Meeting Attendance
All meeting are mandatory. It is because these meetings are essential to keep each team member up to date on the team development and other affairs.

#### 2.3. Running Meeting
Ruixin Zhuang is responsible for running weekly meetings, including record keeping and taking attendance.

Weekly meetings are ran on Discord as per stated in 1.1.

#### 2.4. Meeting Preparation
Generally, preparation is not needed. However team members are expected to be prepared if they have any specific issues they want to or assigned to address.

### 3. Division of work
#### 3.1. Routines
##### 3.1.1. Scrum Master
Yifei Yin is the scrum master. He is accountable for organizing project board, keeping each member on track of their tasks, and contacting project owners.

##### 3.1.2. Administrative Affairs
Ruixin Zhuang is responsible for contacting TA and keeping a log of every team meeting as needed.

##### 3.1.3. Submitting Work
Yiyang Zhou is responsible for submitting work. The submission will then be reviewed by all team members. The submission should be done 12 hours before the deadline in case of technical issues.

#### 3.2. Coding work
During the meeting, task assignments will be discussed by all team members. Hopefully, everyone takes on tasks and completes them out of his/her own choice. If that is not the case, we will try to divide tasks as fair as possible, a coin toss can be used when necessary.

Workload may be adjusted in case of emergency situations (e.g. illness). The adjustment will be made through an emergency meeting.


### 4. Tools and Standards
#### 4.1. Project Management
GitHub project board will be used to keep track of backlogs, current tasks and task assignments. Team members are expected to keep their assigned tasks up to date.

#### 4.2. Version Control
##### 4.2.1 Git
Git will be used as the version control system for this project.
##### 4.2.2. Commit
Team members are expected to use appropriate, descriptive git commit messages that are no longer than 50 characters.
##### 4.2.3. Branching
Team members are expected to commit their code on feature branches. Branch name should follow the mainstream convention: use lower case letters, numbers and use minus sign as separator (e.g. `contact-page`).

#### 4.3. Coding Styles
Team members are expected to use styles that are consistent with framework conventions and existing code.

#### 4.4 Code Review
Team members are encouraged to give reviews and comments on each other's code. Code reviews should be done in a way that is constructive and productive to the project.

#### 4.4. Changes to This Section
Due to the nature of the course and the project, team members are encouraged to update or improve tools and processes to make the development more efficient, provided that they discuss with each member and keep things accordance to the course policies.


### 5. Contingency Planning
#### 5.1. Drop Course
If a team member drops out, he/she must notify all the team members as soon as possible. His/her work will be distributed evenly among the rest of the team members. An extra meeting will be constructed for distributing the work.

#### 5.2. Sickness
If a team member is sick for a significant period of time, part of his/her work will be distributed evenly among the rest of the team members. The amount of work distributed depends on the severity of sickness.

#### 5.3. Missing Meetings
If a team member needs to miss a meeting due to the irresistible factors, he/she must provide a valid reason for missing the meetings and notify team members one day ahead of the meeting time. Missing meetings consistently will be reported in peer evaluation.

#### 5.4. Academic Dishonesty
We will review each submission to prevent academic dishonesty. If any plagiarism is discovered during the review, he/she will be asked to fix the code. Any piece of code from outside resources must be cited properly; the cited code must not exceed 25 lines.

#### 5.5. Unresolvable Issues
For the issues that are not able to be resolved within the team, we will seek help from TA or instructor.

Commit message:

Use they and minor changes

src/pages/index.mdx, after:

import { Todo } from '../components'



<Todo>

* team’s name
* a team logo
* a picture of the entire team

* Team’s goal: 4.0

* Team’s strengths:

</Todo>

## About the team

### Leo


### Yifei

Yifei is a third-year undergraduate student from University of Toronto Scarborough, currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science with a speciality in Software Engineering. He has strong interests in software development and have become familiar with all kinds of technology stacks and tools, including NodeJS, React, Python. Last year, he completed a 4-month co-op internship as a Full Stack Developer, where he gained lots of experience in web development particularly in Rails and Angular. He also had the wonderful opportunity to lead an entirely new mobile project using React Native, during which time he migrated an existing clinical form builder onto mobile, making the user experience consistent across apps without scarifies flexibility or functionality. He has also explored other fields in computer science, including data science (STAA57), machine learning (CSCC10), computer vision. Other than programming, his hobbies also include snowboarding, hiking and playing ping-pong.


### Joe

Ruixin Zhuang (Joe) is a third-year student specialized in Computer Science, Software Engineering stream. At his early age, he found computer hardware and software to be fascinating and decided to choose learn Computer Science when he entered UTSC. With his participation in development of various on campus and off campus projects, he gained proficient programming skills in multiple languages including C, Python, Java. He also found web application to be interesting and powerful after completed a course website project using HTML, CSS, jQuery, Flask and SQLite3. He also has experience with multiple platforms like Windows and Ubuntu as well as version control systems like Git and SVN. Personally, he is also a kind and warm-hearted programmer. When he saw a co-worker is struggling, he will help them without any hesitation. In his spare time, his hobbies are PC gaming and cooking. He is confident that he will spare no effort in contributing to the team and try his best on everything.


### Katrina

Xin Yi Chen is a third-year Computer Science student specializing in Software Engineering stream at the University of Toronto. She developed excellent programming skills in Python, C, Java and problem solving skills in the past two years, resulting in the completion of dozens of individual and group projects. As a self-motivated learner, she is currently studying Mobile App and Web programming on her own. She also took an active part in hackathons to meet new friends and learn new things. In Hack the Valley 4, she collaborated with Yifei and another teammate and built an item tracking and online chatting platform app that allows people within a region to share commodities freely and conveniently. Right now, she is participating in the Google Girl Hackathon and working on solutions with software technology which can help the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic to “help people stay safe, informed and connected” in a team of 5. Off campus, she worked as a python tutor. While this part-time job reinforced her knowledge and improved her communication skills, she is proud of the fact that she is able to spark students’ passion in terms of programming.


### Min

Min Qi Zhang is a third-year Computer Science student at the University of Toronto Scarborough, specializing in Software Engineering stream. During her academic experiences, she has completed a variety of projects with her teams, including web application, Android application and building a hardware device. The programming languages and technologies she has learned are C, Python, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Verilog, Flask and Angular. As a Co-op student, she gained valuable experiences from Co-op placement. She completed her first work term last semester at CIBC as an Application Developer in the Wealth Management Technology team. During the work term, she maintained and wrote automated test cases for various modules of the application. She also assisted in client-side testing in which the main responsibilities include inspecting contents, layouts and functionalities, recording defects to the log, and retesting the fixed defects, ensured the application functions as per design documents and specification.


## Team Agreement

### 1. Communication
#### 1.1. Communication Methods
We will use a combination of Discord and WeChat as our communication tools. WeChat is commonly accepted by all the group members.

A WeChat group has been set up. Presumably, information, updates and agendas will be discussed on WeChat. Discord is used for weekly meetings within the team. Discord provides us stable voice and video calls. Furthermore, screen share feature on discord is a great functionality to improve productivity and efficiency during the meeting.

As an extra precaution, phone numbers are also exchanged among group members and will be used in emergency when one cannot be reached.

#### 1.2. Response Times
Group members are expected to respond to WeChat messages within 5 hours during 10am to 10pm. Response to TA’s messages should be sent as soon as possible no matter which platform is used. (See the meeting section for discord response time.) If a team member is unable to respond during a specific period, they should note others in advance through WeChat.


### 2. Meetings
#### 2.1. Regular Meeting Times
Weekly meetings happens weekly, on Saturdays 10 am. The duration are estimated to be 30 minutes, but can be extended as needed.

#### 2.2. Meeting Attendance
All meeting are mandatory. It is because these meetings are essential to keep each team member up to date on the team development and other affairs.

#### 2.3. Running Meeting
Ruixin Zhuang is responsible for running weekly meetings, including record keeping and taking attendance.

Weekly meetings are ran on Discord as per stated in 1.1.

#### 2.4. Meeting Preparation
Generally, preparation is not needed. However team members are expected to be prepared if they have any specific issues they want to or assigned to address.

### 3. Division of work
#### 3.1. Routines
##### 3.1.1. Scrum Master
Yifei Yin is the scrum master. He is accountable for organizing project board, keeping each member on track of their tasks, and contacting project owners.

##### 3.1.2. Administrative Affairs
Ruixin Zhuang is responsible for contacting TA and keeping a log of every team meeting as needed.

##### 3.1.3. Submitting Work
Yiyang Zhou is responsible for submitting work. The submission will then be reviewed by all team members. The submission should be done 12 hours before the deadline in case of technical issues.

#### 3.2. Coding work
During the meeting, task assignments will be discussed by all team members. Hopefully, everyone takes on tasks and completes them out of their own choice. If that is not the case, we will try to divide tasks as fair as possible, a coin toss can be used when necessary.

Workload may be adjusted in case of emergency situations (e.g. illness). The adjustment will be made through an emergency meeting.


### 4. Tools and Standards
#### 4.1. Project Management
GitHub project board will be used to keep track of backlogs, current tasks and task assignments. Team members are expected to keep their assigned tasks up to date.

#### 4.2. Version Control
##### 4.2.1 Git
Git will be used as the version control system for this project.
##### 4.2.2. Commit
Team members are expected to use appropriate, descriptive git commit messages that are no longer than 50 characters.
##### 4.2.3. Branching
Team members are expected to commit their code on feature branches. Branch name should follow the mainstream convention: use lower case letters, numbers and use minus sign as separator (e.g. `42-contact-page`).

#### 4.3. Coding Styles
Team members are expected to use styles that are consistent with framework conventions and existing code.

#### 4.4 Code Review
Team members are encouraged to give reviews and comments on each other's code. Code reviews should be done in a way that is constructive and productive to the project.

#### 4.4. Changes to This Section
Due to the nature of the course and the project, team members are encouraged to update or improve tools and processes to make the development more efficient, provided that they discuss with each member and keep things accordance to the course policies.


### 5. Contingency Planning
#### 5.1. Drop Course
If a team member drops out, they must notify all the team members as soon as possible. Their work will be distributed evenly among the rest of the team members. An extra meeting will be constructed for distributing the work.

#### 5.2. Sickness
If a team member is sick for a significant period of time, part of their work will be distributed evenly among the rest of the team members. The amount of work distributed depends on the severity of sickness.

#### 5.3. Missing Meetings
If a team member needs to miss a meeting due to the irresistible factors, they must provide a valid reason for missing the meetings and notify team members one day ahead of the meeting time. Missing meetings consistently will be reported in peer evaluation.

#### 5.4. Academic Dishonesty
We will review each submission to prevent academic dishonesty. If any plagiarism is discovered during the review, they will be asked to fix the code. Any piece of code from outside resources must be cited properly; the cited code must not exceed 25 lines.

#### 5.5. Unresolvable Issues
For the issues that are not able to be resolved within the team, we will seek help from TA or instructor.
